com/abdull/newsapp/application/NewsApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_abdull_newsapp_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_abdull_newsapp_di_AppModule
com/abdull/newsapp/di/AppModule_ProvideNewsApiFactory.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.di.AppModule_ProvideNewsApiFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_abdull_newsapp_ui_fragments_NewsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_abdull_newsapp_ui_fragments_NewsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/abdull/newsapp/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.Hilt_MainActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_abdull_newsapp_ui_NewsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_abdull_newsapp_ui_NewsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_abdull_newsapp_application_NewsApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_abdull_newsapp_application_NewsApplication
com/abdull/newsapp/di/AppModule_ProvideArticleDaoFactory.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.di.AppModule_ProvideArticleDaoFactory
com/abdull/newsapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.BuildConfig
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps
com/abdull/newsapp/ui/fragments/Hilt_NewsFragment.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.fragments.Hilt_NewsFragment
com/abdull/newsapp/ui/NewsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.NewsViewModel_HiltModules
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.NewsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.NewsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/abdull/newsapp/datasource/local/ArticleDao_Impl.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.datasource.local.ArticleDao_Impl
 com.abdull.newsapp.datasource.local.ArticleDao_Impl$1
 com.abdull.newsapp.datasource.local.ArticleDao_Impl$2
 com.abdull.newsapp.datasource.local.ArticleDao_Impl$3
 com.abdull.newsapp.datasource.local.ArticleDao_Impl$4
com/abdull/newsapp/ui/fragments/NewsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.fragments.NewsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/abdull/newsapp/databinding/ItemNewsListBinding.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.databinding.ItemNewsListBinding
com/abdull/newsapp/application/NewsApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
com/abdull/newsapp/ui/NewsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.NewsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.NewsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/abdull/newsapp/ui/NewsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.NewsViewModel_Factory
com/abdull/newsapp/databinding/FragmentNewsDetailsBinding.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.databinding.FragmentNewsDetailsBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_abdull_newsapp_application_NewsApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_abdull_newsapp_application_NewsApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/abdull/newsapp/application/DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/abdull/newsapp/di/AppModule_ProvideNewsRepositoryFactory.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.di.AppModule_ProvideNewsRepositoryFactory
com/abdull/newsapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/abdull/newsapp/databinding/FragmentNewsBinding.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.databinding.FragmentNewsBinding
com/abdull/newsapp/application/Hilt_NewsApplication.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.Hilt_NewsApplication
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.Hilt_NewsApplication$1
com/abdull/newsapp/di/AppModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.di.AppModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
 com.abdull.newsapp.di.AppModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory$InstanceHolder
com/abdull/newsapp/application/NewsApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.abdull.newsapp.application.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/abdull/newsapp/ui/fragments/NewsDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.fragments.NewsDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/abdull/newsapp/di/AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/abdull/newsapp/repository/implementation/NewsRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.repository.implementation.NewsRepositoryImpl_Factory
com/abdull/newsapp/datasource/local/ArticleDatabase_Impl.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.datasource.local.ArticleDatabase_Impl
 com.abdull.newsapp.datasource.local.ArticleDatabase_Impl$1
com/abdull/newsapp/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/abdull/newsapp/ui/fragments/Hilt_NewsDetailsFragment.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.ui.fragments.Hilt_NewsDetailsFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_abdull_newsapp_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_abdull_newsapp_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_abdull_newsapp_application_NewsApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_abdull_newsapp_application_NewsApplication
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_abdull_newsapp_ui_NewsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_abdull_newsapp_ui_NewsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_abdull_newsapp_ui_fragments_NewsDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_abdull_newsapp_ui_fragments_NewsDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/abdull/newsapp/di/AppModule_ProvideNewsDatabaseFactory.java
 com.abdull.newsapp.di.AppModule_ProvideNewsDatabaseFactory
